<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"               
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <h1> Hour Log User Manual</h1>

    <h3>Introduction</h3>
    <p>
        #{msgs.title} System is used by the Operations Department at National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory 
        (NSCL) to manage activity log, facility status, system breakdowns, shift change, and to generate 
        reports for funding agencies. Data in #{msgs.title} System is managed using the #{msgs.title} Application. 
        This document describes how to use #{msgs.title} Application. 
        
    </p>

    <h3>Features</h3>
    #{msgs.title} Application allows authorized users to do the following:
    <ul>
        <li>
            Multiple 
        </li>
    </ul>
    

    <h3>Caching</h3>
    Currently the #{msgs.title} API does not support caching. However, future versions of the API will support caching mechanisms such as 
    Conditional GETs and Expiration Times.

    <h3>Authentication and Authorization</h3>
    <i>Note: Authentication mechanisms of Hour Log API will be changed in future. So please be prepared to update you application.</i>
    To use any part of the Hour Log API, an application must first authenticate itself. Instead of the standard HTTP Basic, 
    DIGEST, FORM or other authentication mechanisms, Hour Log API requires the following HTTP Header to be sent with every request:
    <p>
        DISCS-Authorization: key:passcode
    </p>
    where <i>key</i> and <i>passcode</i> are supplied by the Hour Log team to identify your application. Key and passcode must be separated by the ':' 
    character in the header. You must use a key+passcode pair 
    with only one application (and its versions). To use Hour Log API with a different application, you must request a new key+passcode 
    pair. 

    <h3>Encryption</h3>
    Hour Log API forces the use of HTTPS protocol. If HTTP is used, Hour Log will redirect it over to HTTPS. 
    Note that the public key of the Hour Log development 
    and QA server may not be signed by trusted Certificate Authorities.

    <h3>Error Codes and Responses</h3>
    The Hour Log API attempts to return appropriate <a href="#{msgs.httpCodes}" target="_blank">HTTP Status Codes</a> for each request.

    <ui:include src="api.xhtml" />

    <h3>Examples</h3>
    <h3>References</h3>

</ui:composition>